# Meeting 6: 20/03

## Minutes

Discussed our presentation we gave in the lecture about our product, thinking about feedback and any adjustments to our product we can make. All sections are written so we just made final edits. This evening we can move evening onto GitHub and then submit.

Spoke about our plans for coursework 2 (including the video). Peter had a plan for the video, where we decided we would make a “promo” style video and have a report to supplement the technical information.

## Tasks:

- Ben, Hugo finish and submit report. Let know if need any help
- Peter continue video plan
- Sammy, Caroline work on figma
