# Meeting 1: 7/02

- Meet the team! We went round, introduced ourselves and said our strengths relating to the project.
  - Peter - very excited to make engaging videos!
  - Harry - coding, UX design
  - Ben - concisely writing reports, coding
  - Sammy - UX design, coding
  - Pal - writing, business (created Palform)
  - Caroline - Organisation, design, writing
  - Hugo - everything!
- Next, we brainstormed about ideas.
  - Hugo's ideas:
    - Palhoot (revamped)
    - Work machine management (specifically focus to support linux)
    - Panopto with good search (sammy) - want to avoid making this better by one feature
    - Social media focused on being beneficial for chlidren (e.g. have
      significant parental control - I would also be tempted to make it E2EE,
      but the safe guarding would be horrendous)
    - Alternative searching engine for jira - you could make this just "company search"
    - General university map system
    - AI bot scraper protection system and auto poisoning system
    - AI system for determining redundancy + firing people
    - Palshop (revamped) allowing you to group shops up with people nearby
    - Honey but with AI
    - Trump Tracker
    - Deployment visualiser + manager with terraform, where each project
      has their own terraform and you don't know where it is deployed.
    - AI phone a friend - just chatgpt
- carolines ideas:
  - Smart Barista (Brew.AI) – An AI-powered home coffee machine that
    learns your taste preferences and crafts custom coffee blends daily.
  - AI-Powered Meal Planning (ChefBot.AI) – An app that analyses your
    fridge contents and suggests healthy recipes with step-by-step cooking
    instructions.
  - AI Trash Sorting (RecycleAI.Bath) – A smart waste disposal app that
    scans barcodes and tells users how to properly recycle items in their
    area.
  - Travel: AI-Personalized Travel Itineraries (GoWhere.AI) – A travel
    planning service that creates custom trip plans based on your interests, budget, and past vacations.
- good ideas:
  - Palshop (revamped) allowing you to group shops up with people nearby - like BlaBlaCar
  - AI travel ideas ?
- We are going to think of more ideas and flesh them out beofre our next meeting.
